A broken invitation
No one has yet.
Do you think
Everybody's going to get this invitation at random.
letter
Anyone who receives this invitation
Not the boss
The business community is huge
You don't have a nichanga
Let's take a gamble.
What to bet on
If I get an invitation
step back and apologize
If I can't get it
I'm at your disposal
It's a deal.
But
If you lose, you'll have to be our watchdog
Don't think others see too much
Don't worry, it's alright.
Good idea.
Then we have a deal.
It's a deal.
I'll only give you 10 coins.
Hello
Boss, I'm in town now.
You work
Please send someone to send the invitation card.
Pretending to look like
You even sent him
I'll tell you now.
5 minutes left